Update Touch display and hub doc (#3908)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/accessories/display/display_intro.adoc

WARNING: Rotating touch input via device tree can cause conflicts with your input library. Whenever possible, configure touch event rotation in your input library or desktop.

> Rotation of touch input is independent of the orientation of the display itself. To change this you need to manually add a `dtoverlay` instruction in xref:../computers/config_txt.adoc[`/boot/firmware/config.txt`]. Add the following entry to the end of `cmdline.txt`:

Author: ```suggestion
Rotation of touch input is independent of the orientation of the display itself. To change this you need to manually add a `dtoverlay` instruction in xref:../computers/config_txt.adoc[`/boot/firmware/config.txt`]. Add the following line at the end of `config.txt`:
```
